us this day apparently the chaos gods
are going to be witnessing us this day
not me and you but the chaos Sorcerer
And His Myriad Heretics and apparently
some chaos space Marin SAA is going to
be the chaos sorcerer
today allied with calf on the
Warlock versus Soul Reaver with an
Inquisitor and kux with a chaos Lord so
The Inquisitor here going to be rather
fittingly leaning against the sorcerer
since it is an AO hereticus
Inquisitor makes
sense but you never know might require
some AO malas but they're not going to
get the help from any AO malas so
hopefully they can handle it over here
got a route for the IG in this case
we'll see I mean they've gotten two
Guardsman so you know already feeling
good about the
IG and not a dirty kashan Stormtrooper
cheer as for kux I'm not sure exactly
what he's doing here must have seen an
Unholy Relic on the floor that they were
adamant to
scrutinize but CF trying to stall I
guess working quite effectively heretic
is going to come in here and Zone well
actually with two Heretics you don't
need to Zone
oh I did actually forget about the
destructor but he dodged it quite well
actually I'm not
sure if both those Heretics committed to
the melee and a Destructor went in I
don't really think it would have done
that much to be honest because I feel
like these are so many models it would
have split them up quite a
lot and this looks pretty bad for the
Warlock actually CSM Mele and
Retreat and then yep the inevitable con
worship for the Chase and that's a dead
warlock overextension by calf
and now the Guardians are in a pretty
bad spot as well I would have just stood
still and kept shooting more chance of
bleeding them cuz now they can Retreat
okay they didn't Retreat instantly
anyway so a pretty poor play there at
the start from
calf meanwhile The Inquisitor getting
stuck in with some Heretics pretty good
for her easy XP early on and we did see
a double CSM build from sna which is
pretty common when you fa in the IGN in
team games you do want those double CSM
unlike Heretics they don't bleed quite
so easily when you're getting shot by a
sentinel which is nice though these guys
will have to be somewhat careful they're
currently partially revealed which gives
them 20% Dr against ranged which helps
and they kind of need it because they're
not in
cover nice Dodge to the doombots
there and some CSM were rotating over
from kux
but a bit caught out here yeah they're
going to get into melee with the banshe
which is not where they want to be can
the banshe get a model though no it
doesn't look like it set times set times
for calf here com some kishan devils
kind of have to go for these because you
need
infiltration but Havoc SL noise Marines
will be a decent
counter uh Heretics need to be very
careful got to remember Hammer The
Witches here so if that Plasma Pistol
kills one of the models Hammer The
Witches can kill the it was a bit of a
bait here trying to bait The Inquisitor
into the Havoc but she managed to turn
around at the correct time there is a
flank from a chaos Lord but yeah with
the covering fire of the CSM here and
the fact that there's still a shurik in
in play that Kos Lord is not going to be
able to commit to that
fight how's CF doing over here looks
like the sorcerer went in and got the
revive but he's going to lose the
Warlock again maybe can he get a swing
oh no one more swing from that AC would
have been the end of that but he gets
out
decent job there by Sona for that
rotation should be able to easily handle
The Inquisitor with CSM and the have it
together senel doing what it does best
tanking in the mid tanking setup team
fire whilst decapping what a pain it
is second shuriken coming up nothing too
unusual there look let's look at the
gens two gens two gens
and pretty much the same three and one
so four gen each side so they're at
pretty much parity right now we're
getting some quite large builds though
in tier one from the red team kishan's
plus spots with the two gsman Inquisitor
did fall over here committing too hard
to try and type the Havoc I guess and
now getting punished for it and the Kos
SL is down over here as well so that's
unfortunate for the red team no easy
revives this shouldn't be too difficult
of a Revive on a big timing push it
should be easy to get in and grab it but
obviously Kix is down so that's a bit
unfortunate think
well yeah they're both really needing
the wreck and the other thing is they've
just lost this genen and nerde here so
they need to expend recis to get that
back so red team kind of hurt quite a
lot really by those losses of the heroes
s reever did in the end purchase his
Inquisitor
again but it it feels bad
unfortunate to not have a grenade there
I'm not sure if it' to kill it cuz the
AC probably
not I don't know though EMP stries
us doombots just can't seem to land
clean it's a bit
unfortunate wow smoke from the spots
there completely shutting down the havoc
and a little bit of a poor reaction from
our boy um
s but we're talking about poor reactions
we just lost the Kish as wellous
resist so what can you do they're both
committing hard to these engagements and
throwing vital units away see losing the
carish is a bigger deal than losing the
Havoc oh we see teleporting on CS fair
enough I mean it's got utility I'm not
sure it's that important
you know no setup teams on the enemy
side but scaling into t two it'll be
good and it gives you the the mobility
to hop over this Cliff not have to run
all the way around which is quite nice
hopping over here can hop over here get
the
natural hop over here grab this easier
so Mobility aspect of it I can see and
then in tier two when you start
teleporting your sorcerer around then
you can use the warp Global to teleport
your Havoc or plague Marines into some
pretty good positions for taking out
enemy V so it scales well in that
regard the only thing is usually against
IG you'd rather get the rod of warp
fire and the demon armor for the extra
energy and then spam war fire plus Doom
bolts and drop demon shield for damage
resistance against ranged on your own
blob but we'll see we'll see I mean
you'd probably want the demon armor if
you you're not fighting AV
basically rather you're not fighting a
vehicle you don't need AV
but Soul re going with the two G we
might suggest he might go for a more
traditional IG build something like
Kimera in which case this teleporting
out could be quite useful we'll
see when it does this though just
teleporting straight into the IG blob on
its own not very effective easily CED
there by the Sentinal stomp a big chaos
push here they're pushing right into the
face of the shuriken because he knows
it's layer do actually triple shurikens
for C right now he's even lost his
Guardians which yeah it's going to shut
down this Raptor plane here one that's
for sure but is it going to scale we'll
see it means no no vehicles for calf
really in tier 2 he's got no repair
support at all I mean RL technically
does heal itself slowly over time if
you're in tier three it would work very
effectively the Unholy yeah this is a
bit of a problem so we're even not
replacing the gens here he has got to te
two quite quickly let's see he's ready
might go for a ban
wolf surely a ban wolf yeah it's got to
be 175 red right wow he's saving for
orens orens versus the sorcerer that is
insane point is can just pick up the
Robes of Torment drop the chains of
Torment to immobilize these guys and
melt them with doubles each K Space
Marines not to mention you know you've
still You've Lost Your spars as well oh
my God I didn't realize he's lost his
spots so he doesn't even have a counter
to the havocs anymore what he could
could get the inquisitorial mandate for
the invulnerability and the speed boost
and just charge his Inquisitor into the
havocs and then have the or follow up
but it's it just it doesn't feel good
man that doesn't feel
strong I would have gone for a b wolf of
course we know that he's a head in Tech
these players obviously don't know that
in game he mustn't think he's a heading
Tech or sure that he would go for the
Bay Wolf and not the
orins but hey we've got some parody here
because cf's getting wrecked on this
side and uh soul reav is not doing
particularly well over here there is a
bit of a flank well I mean a major flank
from triple shurikens but it soon to be
two shurikens if the blood Crusher
refocuses that shuriken after charging
it and he does there you go shuriken
down back to two shurikens for
C kind of clear this model wow whoow wow
I didn't even realize that was an enemy
Sentinel [__] hell I'm getting so
confused cuz the sentinel's right behind
them just go they want where they please
there you go one Shen for CF he's going
to replace it yeah I mean he kind of
needs two because he needs one Shen to
control all these Heretics and then
another one for a bright Lance to kill
the actual blood Crusher but easier said
than done killing the blood Crusher with
one source of a not ideal he doesn't
have any upgrades on his banshees which
is bizarre not even an aspect so there's
no heavy Mell
there he's got ra guard but really a
blood Crusher is a good counter to the
ra guard in all
fairness and soul reav unfortunately
just cannot keep the gens up I mean he
got the Orin out and they didn't even do
anything we're not even fighting Mark of
Zin yet I guess it was the shurikens
that sort of forced them off but we
still got the havoc in the back I say
that frag missiles would be good because
they've counted the Havoc but the
problem is you're just opening yourself
up to marich even more then marich is so
good against the
bog as well as the Sentinel [__] hell
blood Crusher kills another shurik in
there with a charge C really really slow
in his reactions
here very very slow soon as you see that
blood Crusher charging in you just need
to hit X if he charging in a straight
line towards your Shen you know what's
going to
happen oh big bleed there on the ogens
was that the bone head yep lost the bone
head as the first
model quite a shame but we do now have
the gasman both upgraded with plasma
guns that will put a bit of pressure
onto the CSM who have now got their
aspiring
Champions um not sure what the hell that
retreat was all
about oh man what the [__]
goex he just messed it up hard for his
teammate that the Raptors could have
easily gone into melee with the CSM
they're not corn Marines they're just
default
they would have been very survivable and
then the Sentinel could have finished
off the a your
sorcerer the blood Crusher
oh wait what I'm I'm confused did the
blood Crush blood Crush should
die I don't know dude I I feel like I'm
half asleep right
now
slaugh weapons of Chaos
anyhow we are
legion we are chaos
incarnate what's the plan
guys I mean s's got a pretty good amount
of resources here hurt by having to
replace the bonee head if only they
could maintain power over here they'd be
in a beautiful spot here are the double
each Marines for
sna Green's getting controlled here
beautifully and we did swap to the rod
of w fire see the Doom Bol damage is is
pretty serious Wow's just charging into
the face of this I don't know man I mean
hell FY yeah it's going to be enough
Spike damage to force them off okay well
it's working but how have they not lost
models and they get a
special wow
wow is that demonic summoning what the
[__] was
that is that an attempt to teleport
something I'm really confused and then
they end up losing the bone head again
and two models God that's so expensive
for S reever that stops him getting to
tier three and he was so close you know
the tier three for IG is so strong with
Leman Russ and casakin so really a big
misplay there yes he forced off most of
the enemy forces but is it worth it he's
not even getting out control cuz he
can't get rid of this damn sorcerer and
now he's having to commit the Storm
Troopers yeah that's not worth it
whatsoever now he's going to be stuck in
teer two for a very long time and that
was the opportunity for the red team to
get ahead in Tech you know kuek is doing
well on this side against CF so there's
ample opportunity even if this Farm is
lost you could consider building jens's
in the center and of course when you get
your Leeman Russ caking combo out as the
IG these enemies are going to be in real
trouble because the whole time there's
only been two gens down here and this
Farm hasn't been maintained At All by C
so you kind of know the red team but
your enemies aren't that far ahead and
Tech because they've not had their gen
Farm down here cpex has kept that well
under control so a big strategic error
there from Soul Reaver kind of missed
his opportunity really to close out this
game I think right there and then I
think that would have been it if he just
went tier three and didn't commit so
hard with his orens and end up paying
shitloads to reinforce them fire dragons
another Choice from calf versatile unit
decent against pretty much
everything which is nice when you're
facing varied threats like a CH Lord
with Commander armor plague Marines with
a shitload of light infantry armor CSM
with heavy infantry armor and a blood
Crusher with vehicle armor so I I don't
dislike the fire dragon choice but uh
it's risky because you always bleed with
these units so you got to be careful
about how much you commit them in should
be doing some pretty good damage to the
Orin here you got the suppression down
there's the double each marins firing in
but here comes a
grenade going to disrupt the havocs but
a bit too late really gasman get pinned
down sorer needs to get out of there
though he's so low on HP what's the
point what is the point of keeping him
in play I'm not sure
it does do okay range damage with the RW
fire does it tell me how
much 35 so it's kind of like a default
Tech Marine but keeping him in play for
that level of DPS seems a bit crazy to
me especially with assault kit Storm
Troopers going around in their burst
damage they could kill him very fast so
they're attempting
to get into play get another decent
range attack off but here comes the
focus fire and he's going to drop well
that was [__] predictable wasn't it
reactions though very slow from Z Reaver
again God both of these
guys bleeding like
mad these players are just committed to
to fighting
relentlessly and ra card going to go
down I'm really not sure how the ra card
ended up so far forward
with CSM a blood Crusher on their ass
and plague Marines and Retreat like what
why would the ri guard have all things
so far half up we know RAF guard are
very vulnerable to melee
attacks I have to say guys not a very
good performance from CF this time
around it must be uh one of his one of
his par games I've seen him play okay at
times he is his main the wall up
but maybe he was 12 games deep right now
and he uh you know he's lost it he's
lost it speaking of losing things he
just loses the banshe as well [__] H
CSM got to get out of here man double z
Marines and fire dragons that's a lot of
damage to heavy infantry that was a
waste of the dark Flames come on what
the hell was that and a primary psycher
for S Reaver as well Christ almighty s
Reaver really really doesn't want to go
tier three just doesn't want to do it he
just doesn't want it
why don't
understand these players not even play
Team games we all play Team games to get
tier three and get big armies right all
those crazy units that you never even
can see in a 1 V one you can see them in
a in a team game but no not s rer not
interested again I don't know what CF is
really pushing for there and he ends up
losing free models he moves up and he
sees that there's this massive horde of
anti- heavy infantry DPS coming his way
and there's no gens to bash just
instantly retreat why is it necessary to
lose triple fire dragons right
[Music]
there and he's now g double fire dragons
what the
heck but unfortunately for kux losing
that unit there what's he looking at eny
I don't
know yeah Lon is WRA to jump I
mean he's fighting against double fire
dragons I think the utility of the blood
Crusher would disappear quite quickly at
this point of the game anyway so
probably not that big of a loss the
thing is
though even in team games you can keep
those light Vehicles quite relevant by
having them guard your your actual VP
then something like the chaos Lord you
know any hero really most Heroes who
don't have like heavy meley
weapons what an
abyss that didn't kill anything cuz it
wasn't on Retreat you got to use the
abyss on Retreat guys honestly cuz then
it can't be dodged if you just drop an
AB Bas on an enemy army they just hit
all X and Retreat out of it no problem
but if you drop it on Retreat especially
on this map look how small this area is
here it's quite easy to predict whether
you put it here or here and it will
potentially give the entire force same
if you put it like here as the enemy
Army is here they're all going to
retreat straight through it and they're
going to get wrecked by that Central
Mass that does 200 heavy melee DPS
I just realized the VP lead here for the
blue team is absolutely
colossal
but their armies are looking weird why
the heck sna has triple havocs right now
I am not
sure triple havocs and double z mares
wow that is a a noob build if I ever
seen one what the heck I
enemy look at the primary psycher damage
against the Havoc there in cover
beautiful beautiful
stuff forces it off I mean the Orin are
tanking they're tanking miraculous
miraculously didn't really see The
Inquisitor do too much you know it could
be quite good here given the Heretics
have died silently on The Inquisitor to
infiltrate these orens cuz somehow SAA
is having a difficult time actually
killing the ogens as much as I've [__]
talked them and as much as they have
ruined the economy of so re they are now
level three and with have a lot of XP
too so yeah damn that's pretty
fearsome is spping away terminator's in
play yeah so kux managed to sneak off to
tier three still no Jens down here but
more importantly no Jens down here so no
Jens here oh wait there's no Jens here
there's no gens anywhere I thought these
guys still had their gens must have got
bashed by fire dragons out of the gate
at some point that's one of the good
things about fire dragons good God do
they bash
Quake melta does pretty good damage
against Jens anyway and remember the
exac on the fire dragons can drop to
that swap to that dragon's Fury flamer
as well which is even more gen bashing
potential so they're pretty legit at the
Gen bashes I really don't like these
dark Flames from Sonna
terrifying Visions from the PSA suppress
those CSM cuz you know CSM are just that
cowardly they start hallucinating that
they have to get a
shower and that's it they suppressed in
fear and that was a nice pickup actually
I didn't even comment on it with a
grenade I mean Storm Troopers assault
kit Storm Troopers are just crazy man
they really are they're such an annoying
Squad to deal with if you don't have
Raptors you don't have cor Marines it
feels just awful trying to deal with
these
guys infiltrating in a fragging your
damn setup team but I mean why has San
got triple Havoc you know why did he go
for that it's Highly Questionable again
he should have been going tier three CF
now has dark Reapers
um I mean yeah to kill Terminators I
guess but you know it's a tier 2 unit
good luck mate good luck yeah with an
autoc Canon Terminator to fight oh let's
see how this goes lovely Terminator
counter yeah see you [__] later
stupid elari scum dark Reapers do need a
rework to be a tier three unit because
the thing is they are designed
originally the whole idea was to give
Eldar the capability to defeat
Terminators whil in too but this was in
a time when the Walker meta wasn't as
strong ra Lords weren't as good now that
Walkers are better and certainly in 1 V
one you can after to win games by just
spamming triple WTH
Lord You' got fire dragons for more AV
utility I think you're fine you know
raford banshees they can handle
Terminators you don't need this squad
the problem with the the dark Reapers is
if you make them stronger such that they
are a serious threat to the k
Terminators then they're simply too good
against everything that isn't
Terminators in tier 2 and therefore the
unit isn't really appropriate for tier 2
it would be much better if there were a
stronger Elite Squad like the flash gits
or the casakin and they were in tier
three obviously they still lose a 1 V
one against Terminators of course they
would they're way cheaper even in tier
three they'd be cheaper but unlike
terminat is they'd be able to retreat
so there'd still be a decent quote
unquote counter in terms of cost and
combat
Effectiveness let's see can the maaz
each get some bleed in here I think yeah
they're trying to get the the ogens down
but they're struggling Raptors they
struggling to suppress them there you
go Raptor's gone help with the blood
letters that were called in by the
global
there yeah wow red team fend them off
quite easily yeah I mean that's a lot of
range DPS in the back lines that was
really just uncontested free to fire
away because of the ogin tanking and the
Raptors Raptor's doing quite well from
kux level four the really nice thing
about them is as well super late game if
you're fighting you know great and clean
ones avatars fire prisms you can give
them Mel guns and they're pretty damn
good they'll make fire prisms really
suffer and melta does the bonus against
super heavy infantry and you get a
melter bomb so yeah they're they're
really good actually against the the big
super heavy infantry melee super units
too so great unit for
kux skills well for his comp I mean the
the problem right now for the red team
is they're down to only 22 VPS how did
they let the middle go wow major
tactical error here so not only did they
open this up because they've obviously
not realized the gate was there but they
won that big engagement in the mid and
then kux for some reason dedicated his
entire Army to flanking around here we
didn't really need to send his entire
Army so then blue team managed to Decap
the
middle Terminators better get their ass
moving this is a lot of anti-terminator
DPS right now and they're just obviously
drastically
outnumbered drastically
outnumbered here come the akst once
again boom grenade oh not onto the
actual lead model of the Havoc which is
a bit weird but telekinetic Dome goes
down which protects the units inside
from range DPS which will help the ogin
close in with relative ease have they
handled this side Yep they're taking out
the webw gate the utac is trying to do
her best to delay this she should win
the fight I guess no she's not going to
win wow yeah she's squishy isn't she oh
these are level four Heretics holy [__]
yeah so she can't even proc a while
she's fighting the AC which is a bit sad
what she doing
there I was going to say like she needs
to retreat but she stood next to that VP
for so long she might have even got a
Decap at that
point don't with all this deliberation
lightning claws seem quite
pointless I mean I guess against this
heavy infantry elari troops the
lightning claw power melee is nice but
it's not really very good that weapon
against units that flee from you because
it attacks really quick which makes it
great in melee CU you proc loads of
specials and it's also great Synergy
with the accessory icon of cor which
heals Bas than the amount of attacks you
do because it attacks so fast but
weapons that attack really fast are
really bad against units that flee from
you because you're not actually given
the opportunity to do your
DPS you may have won us this cuz you
only get one slap you know and then they
run away then you got to wait before you
can slap again so you want weapons that
take ages to slap but do more damage per
slap
than weapons that do less damage per
slap or slap very
often that is 200 requisition of 50
power so you know is that really worth
it as opposed to getting a tank or a
super unit obviously a super unit would
not be something we'd be going for right
now because there seven VPS left for the
red
team so big push from CF over this
side Terminator lightering in the middle
so at least the middle will be protected
but I was going to say you app in the
Warlock you've got distort field as an
option to take over points
without without dying to range fire
basically you've also got cloak of
Shadows which does something similar and
I think they stack multiplicatively at
the moment they used to stack such that
you'd actually get immunity if you use
cloaker Shadows plus dist field which is
pretty
kick into three you'd have the actual
invulnerability arm which is great for
it but obviously blue team are not tier
three and as far as this is concerned
looking like the Raptors here are
actually going to finish the job going
deal with the plasma gasma for
now we s on Wings of
Fire here's an execution lean rust
though pyo's going to get the cap wow
uses his little uh Shockwave ability on
himself
there obviously that is an AOE ability
so not really doing too much damage to
the single
psycher forces off the Raptors pretty
good cuz he did get the cap so it is now
a two to zero cap CF is going back up
this side but is been forced off and the
plag greens take it 100 I mean aak can
probably just cap the point right
now uh but they're not going for it
weird blood lust has been
activated double dark
Reapers get shut down by the Raptors
kind of raptors nice time M whoa [__]
hell that damage on the Raptors because
of the blood lust in level four damn
they melted those fire dragons holy
[__] and yeah that's going to be the
victory for the red team with seven VPS
left pretty sloppy one all around to be
honest I really don't think they needed
to go down to 7 VPS that was kind of
crazy a lot
of strange opportunities they gave the
enemy what when they moved away from the
middle VP after this big fight here and
just let them come in and Decap it I me
you're pushing it close with 7 VPS man
God yeah Rocket run for the IG but it
doesn't matter there's no time they'
have to get on two VPS which is not
possible well folks there you go this
failure shall not be soon
forgotten I ain't got much more to say
that was an early morning topid cast
I got to get to work peace top it out
[Music]